[Music]
hey what's up out here and today I'm
going to show you how to fix this
problem
yeah one way I can be open and
permission denied so I'm going to show
you how to fix this problem
it's your 11.1 and if you updated your
iPad or I device into iOS 8.3 point 4 it
will show this this kind of problem when
you transfer command so let's just begin
this problem fix this origin originally
told by someone called sub-zero PE I
think yeah
he has 1k subscribers yeah but yeah I
just I just told this video and I'll
just be commentary and more
straightforward sorry up so it's not
first let's open eyes
[Music]
yeah here's your Minecraft world my
graphics water so if you don't know what
how to get into this folder that will
just go to mobile application and then
search filings pretend tap here to
search it minecraft so yeah that's how
you access this folder so where's that
word zip oh I think oh yeah so this is
the genus the folder business world
folder the FPAA v9 or whatever so what
you gonna do is you tap this the I
button and you see here the ownership is
vital to and the group is fenced so what
you're gonna do it now it press mobile
on the on the owner and to do you press
mobile as well
and then bye-bye it forever
so yeah let's try it out
[Music]
Oh
why is it like okay let's try
see it works okay yeah thanks for
watching this helps if you like my video
just leave a like for more videos
tutorials help tips and tricks or
whatever like for glitch I have those
videos like meetings or everything I
also make my showcase
I think I'll upload this much okay one
way out where gamer inter so yeah
this helps thank you for
so I just basically shamelessly follow
this video without permission but okay
yeah I I thank you
I hate I gave him credit so yeah bye
[Music]
[Applause]